root/projects/index.md, before:

---
	title: 'Projects'
---

# Projects
	
Various non-work sites and projects that I have been involved in.

## Websites / Apps

### Just Amazing Cards - iOS greeting card app <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2010

In July 2010 I released my first personal iPhone app. It was my brother's idea and he did all the design work. You could record messages, integrate your own photos, choose
backgrounds, borders, messages, fonts, etc and email the generated output to someone. [Demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCfh85Mxk1Q).

### MighTyV.com <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2005

Leon Brocard and I entered the BBC Backstage competition and won!
The results of our hard work can be seen at [http://www.mightyv.com/ (wayback)](https://web.archive.org/web/20140215235448/http://www.mightyv.com/). Make sure to check out the 'about' page to see all the features it has. Leon and I did a talk at the 2005 London Perl Workshop about MighTyV.com.
You can view our [presentation](mightyv.pdf).

#### All2cool: gadget review site <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### Jan 2000 - 2008

I was the sole technical person on this site, which went been through many incarnations.

#### The Cuckoo's Nest <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>
##### Sept 1995 - present day

This is a web site I run with several friends. It was initially planned as a 
community portal but it was decided that there were too many other similar sites.

### Phil Lapworth <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>
	
I created my dad's website [Psychotherapy, Counselling and Supervision near Bath](http://www.murhill.com/).

### Laurie Lapworth <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>
	
I built my brothers website, he is a [Photographer near Bath](http://www.laurielapworth.com/).

### Olivia Lousada <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>

I build my mum's website, [Hidden Twins](http://www.hiddentwins.com/).

### Mini Canvases <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2012

`Imageeasel.com` was a company run by my brother producing miniature canvas prints from your own images. I helped him to build the website, including image upload and payment portal.

Commit message:

clarify projects are mostly personal and order them

root/projects/index.md, after:

---
title: 'Projects'
---

# Personal projects
	
Various non-work sites and projects that I have been involved in, interesting and fun projects that were great at the time.

## Websites / Apps

### Mini Canvases <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2012

`Imageeasel.com` was a company run by my brother producing miniature canvas prints from your own images. I helped him to build the website, including image upload and payment portal.


### Just Amazing Cards - iOS greeting card app <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2010

In July 2010 I released my first personal iPhone app. It was my brother's idea and he did all the design work. You could record messages, integrate your own photos, choose
backgrounds, borders, messages, fonts, etc and email the generated output to someone. [Demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCfh85Mxk1Q).

### MighTyV.com <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### 2005

Leon Brocard and I entered the BBC Backstage competition and won!
The results of our hard work could be seen at [http://www.mightyv.com/ (wayback)](https://web.archive.org/web/20140215235448/http://www.mightyv.com/). Make sure to check out the 'about' page to see all the features it had. Leon and I did a talk at the 2005 London Perl Workshop about MighTyV.com.
You can view our [presentation](mightyv.pdf).

#### All2cool: gadget review site <Badge text="deactivated" type="warn"/>
##### Jan 2000 - 2008

I was the sole technical person on this site, which went been through many incarnations.


## Websites (mostly these links are for SEO)

### Phil Lapworth <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>
	
I created my dad's website [Psychotherapy, Counselling and Supervision near Bath](http://www.murhill.com/).

### Laurie Lapworth <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>
	
I built my brothers website, he is a [Photographer near Bath](http://www.laurielapworth.com/).

### Olivia Lousada <Badge text="active" type="tip"/>

I build my mum's website, [Hidden Twins](http://www.hiddentwins.com/).
