root/index.md, before:

---
    home: true
    heroText: Leo Lapworth
    actionText: View CV
    actionLink: ./cv/
---

## What's this site about ?
	
Well, me, Leo Lapworth <a href="/cv/">technologist, developer and manager</a> (sometimes known as Ranguard around the internet)
	
I needed to have a place to keep all the bits I've done over the years, after having been working with Perl, on the internet since (quick calculation) 1994, and actually working in the field since 1996 I've managed to amass lots of stuff on many different sites and projects I've been involved in.

This is me trying to put some sort of order on all that, whether I achieve this or not is a different matter.

## Who am I ?

I'm an open source technologist, with a strong background in Perl, websites, infrastructure, running
projects and teams. I've been interested in the serverless paradigm, microservices and TypeScript/Node.js for a while now and have enjoyed exploring it's potential.

## Who am I not ?
	
I am not a designer, nor am I an english teacher (this site is for me to quickly put stuff up on - so I don't even spell check it) - sorry!

Commit message:

more copy changes and making page break on print

root/index.md, after:

---
    home: true
    heroText: Leo Lapworth
    actionText: View CV
    actionLink: ./cv/
---

## What's this site about ?
	
Well, me, Leo Lapworth <a href="/cv/">technologist, developer and manager</a> (sometimes known as Ranguard around the internet)
	
I needed to have a place to keep all the bits I've done over the years, after having been working with Perl, on the internet since (quick calculation) 1994, and actually working in the field since 1996 I've managed to amass lots of stuff on many different sites and projects I've been involved in.

This is me trying to put some sort of order on all that, whether I achieve this or not is a different matter.

## Who am I ?

I'm an experienced `open source technologist`, with a strong background in `Perl`, `websites`, `infrastructure`, running `projects and teams`. I've been interested in the `serverless paradigm`, `microservices` and `TypeScript/Node.js`; for a while now and have enjoyed exploring their potential.

Checkout my [CV](/cv/), [Open Source work](/opensource/), [Talks](/talks/) I have given or [Projects](/projects/) I have worked on to find out more.
